hello to all the girls we don't talk to each other about the sea
in general, how to dress
for people who don't want to give up wearing hack and sea make-up
summer disposal
in a video in general steil please everyone
let's start from the glazes to the glazes that I think are sky rights number 279
of the bean
invest in the Italian market. enamels and I'm very happy
so this kiko day. number 279
goat
this number 300 you say is an orange
are fierce finalists for pearly song latex
very nice this is the last moon 343
then useful advice
this ikea here is the number
in a wire curtain
if it is tacaa
fourth of the ss that no blue
eli number zero 7
this always of the ss that car hire slips in a verona year
as well as less known to me, I also like it a lot for the summer
at a hollow pace the Chinese if you want this fuchsia as a last color
number 34 always that 6 minutes
therefore yesterday I gave back some tips for enamels I will definitely try both
gianna song maria channel of
so then I will definitely pay for a video
here instead we now pass to the people who absolutely cannot stay
make-up removers on the beach
it is a little bit problem because anyway and I have tried very much too
I put makeup on the beach but with poor results in the sense that there was no lack of it
ita-eng microcar I must go to cagliari beach but then later
pampered underwear
she went away but in the last dessert to the other
mac with an album method
yes one can say except that
then the thing I recommend the ricchioni beach are not the eye shadows
absolutely in normal eye shadow cream because it would be a disaster
makita if you want loft wheels
madona waterproof or even mascara also those of the propeller
vote prof
is another thing that I always recommend plot that beautiful grain
this is a comparison row in uncultivated areas therefore practically resistant
water-resistant and extremely resistant
so there are various colors I have seen here that does not go practically the
press
and quite lit.
then there are also me at night there are in euros and in white
reminds me of you the name of the minister of somewhere I have here anyway
the fo boxer
this time in america the two absolutely all day so
you just need to put her on her own
and sentence fine play in my opinion is fine
for the rest it is boring what too studio grandmother used to say
it looks like you don't have to take a bath with a woman having sex on the beach too
under the umbrella
just a land
so these are the most beautiful books seriously recommended
in the early hours ko
sassari sardegna calasetta you would recommend me among the advisers will be
because if there is so much
forin the sand arrives all in the local absolutely a disaster too
one
so the only thing I recommend is the creamy lip balm marks
and with those you trust and you will go great
so then the usual suspects that I recommend for the beach now
let's go to the site because not being a girl and they are a lot of
this is what rome architects rents me
It consists practically of the very simple things humerus care tank top
with white and red lines
and then patrick my asics
to read
alpha your family who no longer loves me msn
pay something like create 90
grass attack cease
I make reeds
a little hand opens me from the ground even that something parade with 5 euros
and then flip-flops because I'm crazy about flip-flops known for
go to the sea
the ones I showed you most appreciated initially, not the first no
written is like that
very heartfelt
ascona strictly suitable for going to the sea
here I am wonderful girl according to outfit
is composed of 1 forward cretin
also this was always amazing de sant elena
39 90
as you choose on TV
made you so
hesitation to give fiction fountain
in the shorts
in white shorts
reports after send your question rt
art 12 90 and then as shoes always flip flops
d this time too
without clothes to go to the beach and this with the hello kitty shirt
Augustine of Nantes
enjoy price of video shorts taken from the desktop
when this strap
always flip-flops are mine
havaianas
third oxite here it is
the other window attic the fact
who is this free here
having said that I always think of you in the court of justice
one year in English krafta
via quesada I have the breast
and then always of the summer disputed by then I know that I am from hello kitty
where can I see others
and so the statistic is done that way
amateurs for condominiums
don't shoot in what sense it has text
like that
this cpt not above
and then sergio instead of the short shorts short carrè comments not
repeat prices are
here they are
who you entrust yourself to Italy
and then how are you with me on the seabed is the charcoal flip-flops if i'm not speak up
in that this map here site for
for the sea
we can go to prostitutes playing chess with shirt and shorts
inter donna list of designers
this is the alternative way to go to the sea
KSFO
so done in shorts then
very comfortable anyway
because l the dance shoes of white shoes
and this amanda knox colored dress
done so
another dress to go to the beach and this
look how cute this is the prof in Chinese letters and it cost 12 euros
it is so echoed as shoes given room shoes
white
because I don't know that it seemed too dark to me
the city did so
because you can also use it to go to the beach and this
fnac if you didn't have intimissimi yourself
you can put it both to go to the sea or to go out
the long of the others
I start like this and then like white shoes that have always been there
great with this dress
this is the last of the clothes to go to the beach
this is the occasion x nnt longer than the other shoes used of the
sponges the summer of tender fiefs
done so
to the girls I hope the artists you liked
and above all let me know what you think about what I saw
anyway if you want me to change your answer I'll send you a huge kiss in the
next